Expand README with PostgreSQL's `synchronous_commit` (#1)
kysely-org/kysely-replication: README.md

  .values({ email: 'info@example.com', is_verified: false })
  .execute() // executes on replica 2 instead of primary
```

## Wait for Propagation (PostgreSQL-Only)

When writing to the primary, you may want to ensure that replicas have caught up before considering a mutation as complete. This can be critical for consistency in systems that rely on replicated reads immediately following a write.

Replication is usually near-instantaneous but can occasionally take longer (e.g., 30+ seconds). Therefore, waiting for replication increases mutation execution time, so use this approach selectively where required.

### All Mutations

To wait for replication on every mutation, configure the primary database connection:

```diff

> const primaryDialect = new PostgresDialect({
>     pool: new Pool({ connectionString: process.env.DATABASE_URL_PRIMARY }),
> +   onCreateConnection: async connnection => {
> +       await connnection.executeQuery(CompiledQuery.raw(`SET synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-import { Kysely, PostgresDialect } from 'kysely'
+import { Kysely, PostgresDialect, sql } from 'kysely'
import { KyselyReplicationDialect } from 'kysely-replication'
import { RoundRobinReplicaStrategy } from 'kysely-replication/strategy/round-robin'
import { Pool } from 'pg'

const primaryDialect = new PostgresDialect({
    pool: new Pool({ connectionString: process.env.DATABASE_URL_PRIMARY }),
+   onCreateConnection: async (connection) => {
+       await sql`set synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`.execute(connection)
```

>   pool: new Pool({ connectionString: process.env.DATABASE_URL_PRIMARY }),
> +  onCreateConnection: async connnection => {
> +    await connnection.executeQuery(CompiledQuery.raw(`SET synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`))
> +  },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pool: new Pool({ connectionString: process.env.DATABASE_URL_PRIMARY }),
+   onCreateConnection: async connnection => {
+       await connnection.executeQuery(CompiledQuery.raw(`SET synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`))
+   },
```

  .values({ email: 'info@example.com', is_verified: false })
  .execute() // executes on replica 2 instead of primary
```

## Wait for Propagation (PostgreSQL-Only)

When writing to the primary, you may want to ensure that replicas have caught up before considering a mutation as complete. This can be critical for consistency in systems that rely on replicated reads immediately following a write.

Replication is usually near-instantaneous but can occasionally take longer (e.g., 30+ seconds). Therefore, waiting for replication increases mutation execution time, so use this approach selectively where required.

### All Mutations

To wait for replication on every mutation, configure the primary database connection:

> ```ts
> const primaryDialect = new PostgresDialect({
>     pool: new Pool({ connectionString: process.env.DATABASE_URL_PRIMARY }),
>     onCreateConnection: async connnection => {
>     // Apply setting globally for this connection (PostgreSQL)
>     await connnection.executeQuery(CompiledQuery.raw(`SET synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`))
>   },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```diff
const primaryDialect = new PostgresDialect({
  pool: new Pool({ connectionString: process.env.DATABASE_URL_PRIMARY }),
+  onCreateConnection: async connnection => {
+    await connnection.executeQuery(CompiledQuery.raw(`SET synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`))
+  },
```

> ```ts
> const primaryDialect = new PostgresDialect({
>     pool: new Pool({ connectionString: process.env.DATABASE_URL_PRIMARY }),
>     onCreateConnection: async connnection => {
>     // Apply setting globally for this connection (PostgreSQL)
>     await connnection.executeQuery(CompiledQuery.raw(`SET synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`))
>   },
> })
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```diff
const primaryDialect = new PostgresDialect({
  pool: new Pool({ connectionString: process.env.DATABASE_URL_PRIMARY }),
+  onCreateConnection: async connnection => {
+    // Apply setting globally for this connection (PostgreSQL)
+    await connnection.executeQuery(CompiledQuery.raw(`SET synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`))
+  },
})
```
```

  .values({ email: 'info@example.com', is_verified: false })
  .execute() // executes on replica 2 instead of primary
```

## Wait for Propagation (PostgreSQL-Only)

When writing to the primary, you may want to ensure that replicas have caught up before considering a mutation as complete. This can be critical for consistency in systems that rely on replicated reads immediately following a write.

Replication is usually near-instantaneous but can occasionally take longer (e.g., 30+ seconds). Therefore, waiting for replication increases mutation execution time, so use this approach selectively where required.

### All Mutations

To wait for replication on every mutation, configure the primary database connection:

```diff

> -import { Kysely, PostgresDialect } from 'kysely'
> +import { Kysely, PostgresDialect, sql } from 'kysely'
> import { KyselyReplicationDialect } from 'kysely-replication'
> import { RoundRobinReplicaStrategy } from 'kysely-replication/strategy/round-robin'
> import { Pool } from 'pg'
> 
> const primaryDialect = new PostgresDialect({
>     pool: new Pool({ connectionString: process.env.DATABASE_URL_PRIMARY }),
> +   onCreateConnection: async (connection) => {
> +       await sql`set synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`.execute(connection)
> +   },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-import { Kysely, PostgresDialect } from 'kysely'
+import { CompiledQuery, Kysely, PostgresDialect } from 'kysely'
import { KyselyReplicationDialect } from 'kysely-replication'
import { RoundRobinReplicaStrategy } from 'kysely-replication/strategy/round-robin'
import { Pool } from 'pg'

const primaryDialect = new PostgresDialect({
    pool: new Pool({ connectionString: process.env.DATABASE_URL_PRIMARY }),
+   onCreateConnection: async (connection) => {
+       await connection.executeQuery(CompiledQuery.raw(`set synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`))
+   },
```

})
```

### Ad-Hoc Mutations

If waiting for replication is only required for specific operations, use SET LOCAL within a transaction. This scopes the setting to the transaction without affecting the connection’s global state.

```ts

> await db.transaction().execute(async tx => {
>   // Set synchronous_commit for this transaction only (PostgreSQL)
>   tx.executeQuery(CompiledQuery.raw(`SET LOCAL synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`))
> 
>   // continue with the transaction as normal
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { sql } from 'kysely'

await db.transaction().execute(async (trx) => {
  await sql`set local synchronous_commit = 'remote_apply'`.execute(trx)

  // continue with the transaction as normal
})
```
